chore(zh-cn): add language tags for fenced codes (#23152)
mdn/translated-content: files/zh-cn/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/interact_with_the_clipboard/index.md

这种触发不一定成功，它取决于浏览器是否支持。Firefox 浏览器就不支持该功能，你会在浏览器控制台中看到以下信息：

> ```plain
> "document.execCommand(‘cut’/‘copy’) was denied because it was not called from inside a short running user-generated event handler."
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`document.execCommand('cut'/'copy') was denied because it was not called from inside a short running user-generated event handler.`
```
